---
layout: post
title:  "2017 Software Testing Conferences with Free Video Recordings!"
date:   2017-12-12 11:49:00
categories: news
author: Chris Kenst
---

In our list of <a href="/past" target="_blank">Past Conferences</a>, when available, we provide a link to testing conference videos that are made available freely online under the link **Event Videos** (open the page and do a quick search). We think it's such an *amazing community benefit* of events to record their presentations (or at least some of them) and distribute them freely on the web. We know this adds to the cost of producing and coordinating a conference because you need to equipment, transportation and personnel to do these things.

Sadly 2017 wasn't as good for free event videos, when compared to 2016. CAST didn't record anything and there was no GTAC. 

As a way to highlight those conferences and promote this idea, here are the 2017 software testing conferences with video recordings in *alphabetical order*:

**Free Event Videos: **
1. <a href="" target="_blank">name</a>
2. <a href="" target="_blank">name</a>
3. <a href="" target="_blank">name</a>
4. <a href="" target="_blank">name</a>
5. <a href="" target="_blank">name</a>
6. <a href="" target="_blank">name</a>
7. <a href="" target="_blank">name</a>
8. <a href="" target="_blank">name</a>
9. <a href="" target="_blank">name</a>
10. <a href="" target="_blank">name</a>

**Freemium Event Videos:**
Special mention goes to TestBash who for all of 2017 recorded event videos. If you sign up for a free account you get access to at least 1 video per conference. From there after you need to have a paid subscription

**Paid Event Videos:**
- Automation Guild Online Conference 2017?
- Not free at all. Worth mentioning?
- This list might get bigger?

Are we missing any videos? If so let us know by adding them <a href="https://github.com/TestingConferences/testingconferences.github.io/blob/master/_data/past.yml" target="_blank">here!</a>
